simpleXRPL docs (#224)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/simpleXRPL/references/verticals/account/set.md

---
seo:
    description: Account.set updates account settings and flags via an AccountSet transaction.
labels:
  - simpleXRPL
  - SDK
---

# account.set()

> [Source](https://github.com/ripple/simpleXRPL/blob/50619258cf753008e8a185eaeb3ceca489e5998a/src/verticals/account.ts#L190)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[Source]](https://github.com/ripple/simpleXRPL/blob/50619258cf753008e8a185eaeb3ceca489e5998a/src/verticals/account.ts#L190)
```

Update account settings. Flags are named booleans (`true` enables, `false` disables); `transferRate`, `tickSize`, and `domain` are set directly. At least one parameter is required.

{% admonition type="info" name="Note" %}

> A single `AccountSet` can enable at most one flag and disable at most one, so toggling more than one flag in the same direction is rejected — call `set()` once per such change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single `AccountSet` enables at most one flag and disables at most one. Toggling more than one flag in the same direction is rejected. Call `set()` once per such change.
```
